The BISmark team is pleased to announce the release of our latest stable
firmware, lancre (see below for a pronunciation guide.) The new release is based
on OpenWRT's latest stable release, Attitude Adjustment, and offers improvements
in usability, security, and flexibility. New features of this release include a
registration system for helping us provide better troubleshooting and support,
wireless stability improvements, support for new router hardware, and improved
security.

The team would like to acknowledge the support of volunteers and early adopters
in making this release possible.

Please contact us at bismark-core@projectbismark.net with any issues, comments,
or suggestions.

Guilherme, Srikanth, Sam, Sarthak, Nick and the rest of the BISmark team


Getting lancre:
Already have a BISmark router? You can install the upgrade yourself, or we can
do it for you if you give us permission. Full details are at
https://github.com/projectbismark/projectbismark/wiki/Upgrading-to-lancre

If you don't have a BISmark router, you can purchase a Netgear WNDR3700v2,
Netgear WNDR3800, or TP-Link WDR3600, and follow the instructions for installing the
BISmark firmware at
https://github.com/projectbismark/projectbismark/wiki/BISmark-firmware-installation

We may be able to send you a router if you live in an 'interesting' area or have
an 'interesting' ISP. We have a lot of routers in California and Georgia with
Comcast, so if you don't match that profile, send us a note, we may send you a
router depending on our current deployment status. Sign up at
http://goo.gl/bxBB0

Privacy:
Our privacy policy has not changed since the last release.
http://projectbismark.net/participant/privacy/

Highlights of the release if you're a user:
	• A user registration system; users must register with Georgia Tech on first boot
	• Support for the TP-Link WDR3600
	• Built-in support for 3g/4g USB dongles
	• Package signing support for more security

Highlights of the release if you're interested in running experiments:
	• Based on OpenWRT Attitude Adjustment
	• Linux kernel 3.3.8
	• Pluggable Web10g kernel module
	• Added mutual exclusion support for bandwidth hogging experiments
	• Easier handling of crontabs for bismark experiments

Pronunciation guide:
Following from the tradition set by klatch and quirm, lancre is named after a
location in Discworld [1]. Although "lanker" is acceptable, we prefer to call it
"lawnkruh" (with or without the guttural consonant) in honor of its genesis in
the bowels of Paris over the summer of 2013. "lankre" is definitely out, upon
pain of being cast into Deepest Klatch for all eternity. Without an Internet
connection.

[1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discworld_geography
